Feature flag to disable python dependency installation (#1676)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - For Python we will start disabling dependency installation for new users of the codeql-action. This will improve speed of analysis, while only having a very minor impact on results. [#1676](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1676)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are rolling out a feature in May 2023 that will disable Python dependency installation for new users of the CodeQL Action. This improves the speed of analysis while having only a very minor impact on results. [#1676](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1676)
```

Author: Like this formulation better, thanks :+1:

> - We are rolling out a feature in May 2023 that will disable Python dependency installation for new users of the CodeQL Action. This improves the speed of analysis while having only a very minor impact on results. [#1676](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1676)

Reviewer 2: Are we planning on doing a changelog post or some other public announcement? Especially explaining "a very minor impact on results" would be nice. If there is one, can you add a link here? If the post is planned, but the URL isn't known yet, we can always update this entry.

Author: Yes, once we start roll it out to new users, there will be a public changelog post :+1:
